To generate a stable structure that resembles the character "J", we need to plan the dropping positions and order of the blocks carefully. Here is a step-by-step approach to achieve this:

1. We start with an empty structure grid, created using the 'structure' initialization code provided in the question.

2. Based on the stability constraint, we know that a b31 block must be placed on a solid base (b11 or b13 blocks) to prevent overhangs. So we need to start by placing a b31 block at a solid base position. We can choose any solid base position for this.

3. Next, we need to decide the dropping position for the second block (b13) such that it maintains stability and does not violate any constraint. To do this, we need to identify a dropping position that satisfies the following conditions:

   a) The block should be dropped as low as possible to reduce the risk of collapse. So, we try to find the lowest empty position in the chosen column for the second block.
   
   b) The block should not cause separation in the structure. In other words, it should be placed in such a way that it connects to the existing structure and does not create any gaps.

   We can iterate through the column (slot) where the first b31 block was placed and find the lowest empty position by checking from bottom to top. We can use the ab_drop() function to determine whether a position is empty or occupied. Once we find the dropping position, we can use the ab_drop() function to drop the second block (b13) at that position.

4. Now, we have two blocks (b31 and b13) placed in the structure. To complete the structure resembling the character "J", we need to place the third block, which is another b31 block. Similar to step 3, we need to find a suitable dropping position for this block.

   This dropping position should satisfy the following conditions:

   a) The block should be placed on top of the second block (b13), ensuring stability and avoiding overhangs.
   
   b) The block should be placed as low as possible without causing separation in the structure.

   To find the dropping position, we can iterate through the column (slot) where the second block (b13) was placed and look for the lowest empty position that is above the second block. Once we find the dropping position, we can use the ab_drop() function to drop the third block (b31) at that position.

5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 if needed to place additional blocks to meet the shape of the character "J" accurately. 

   In the case of "J", we only need 3 blocks, as described in the provided example, to form the structure.

6. Finally, we will have a stable structure that resembles the character "J".

The code to generate the structure resembling the character "J" using the ab_drop() function would look like this:

ab_drop('b31', 1)
ab_drop('b13', 1)
ab_drop('b31', 1)