To generate a stable structure that resembles the character "G" while meeting all the hard constraints, we can follow these steps:

Step 1: Define the shape of the structure:
The character "G" consists of a vertical bar on the left side and a horizontal bar connecting to the vertical bar. We can represent this structure using the following block types:
- b31: for the vertical part of the "G".
- b13: for the horizontal part of the "G".

Step 2: Generate the structure using the ab_drop() function:
To generate the structure, we need to determine the dropping position and order of the blocks to meet the stability and no boundary intrusion constraints.

First, we start by dropping the b31 block on the bottom layer (base) at a suitable slot to create the vertical part of the "G". We choose a slot that is close to the left boundary but leaves enough space for the horizontal part. Let's say we choose slot 2. We can use the following code to drop the b31 block at slot 2:

ab_drop("b31", 2)

Next, we drop the b13 block on top of the vertical part, near the center, to create the horizontal part of the "G". We need to make sure that the b13 block is aligned with the bottom part of the vertical block. Let's say we choose slot 6 for the b13 block. We can use the following code to drop the b13 block at slot 6:

ab_drop("b13", 6)

After dropping the b13 block, the structure should resemble the character "G".

Step 3: Verify the stability and no boundary intrusion constraints:
We can check the stability of the structure by ensuring that the b31 block is placed on a solid base (b11 or b13 blocks). In this case, we have dropped the b31 block on the bottom layer (base), which satisfies the stability constraint.

To check the no boundary intrusion constraint, we need to make sure that the blocks do not intrude on the map's boundaries. In this case, we have chosen slots 2 and 6, which are within the boundary limits of the map. Therefore, the no boundary intrusion constraint is also satisfied.

Step 4: Print the resulting structure:
After generating the structure, we can print the resulting grid using the following code:

for row in structure:
    print("".join(row))

The output should display the final structure that resembles the character "G" while meeting all the given constraints.