Based on the provided constraints, we need to generate a stable structure resembling the character "G" using the ab_drop() function. 

First, let's analyze the stability rules and constraints. According to stability rule 1, a b31 block must be placed on a solid base, which means it should be placed on a layer above layer 0. Stability rule 2 states that blocks should be placed as low as possible to reduce the risk of collapsing, so we should aim to place the blocks on the bottom layers. Stability rule 3 requires that the structure should not be separated, so we need to ensure that the blocks are stacked in a way that they connect and form a stable structure.

Now let's think about the shape of the structure. As we aim to generate a structure resembling the character "G", we can start by placing a b31 block horizontally as the base of the structure. This will serve as the horizontal line in the middle of the "G". We can align the block in the center of the map by setting the slot number (y) to (W-1)/2.

Next, we can place two b13 blocks vertically on top of the horizontal base block. These blocks will serve as the vertical lines of the "G". We can align the blocks with the same slot number (y) as the base block to ensure they are stacked on top of it.

Lastly, we need to ensure that the structure is stable and doesn't collapse. Therefore, we can add two b11 blocks on top of the vertical blocks, one on each side. These blocks will act as support for the top part of the "G".

Here's an example code to generate the structure resembling the character "G":

```python
ab_drop('b31', 9)   # Place the horizontal base block in the center (W-1)/2
ab_drop('b13', 9)   # Place the first vertical block on top of the base
ab_drop('b13', 9)   # Place the second vertical block on top of the base
ab_drop('b11', 8)   # Place the left support block on top of the vertical block
ab_drop('b11', 10)  # Place the right support block on top of the vertical block
```

The above code will generate a stable structure resembling the character "G" while meeting all the hard constraints. Adjust the slot number (y) based on the desired placement of the blocks to form the structure.