Instructions
Your role is to work with 3 block types and create capital case English letters (i.e., A, B, C, ..., Z) in a Tetris-like environment with 2D gravity rules similar to the Angry Birds game. The focus is on "Stacking and Stability" while ensuring the letters are accurately represented and fit within the allowed space boundaries.

Environment
The allowed space is a grid of 20W (indexed 1-19) and 16H (indexed 1-15). Maintain the structural stability by considering the number of blocks stacked on top of each other. Avoid intruding the height boundary, as exceeding it will result in an invalid shape. You should start constructing the shapes from the X position 1. The dimensions of each letter may vary based on  the complexity of achieving the letter shape while maintaining its stability and balance.

Command
Use the ab_drop(x, y) command to place each block one by one, where x represents the block type and y indicates the position along the width. You should include the stream of commands consecutively included between three backticks (```). For example:
```
Stream of commands
```

Task
The ultimate objective is to generate uppercase English letter <OBJECT> using the mentioned command and Block Types in the defined environment. The response to this prompt should be a stream of ab_drop() commands that resemble the target letter mentioned in the Task section, while ensuring structural stability with regard to the gravity rules defined herein.

Block Types
b11: A 1x1 square block with no orientation.
b31: A horizontal straight block with a width of 3 units and a height of 1 unit.
b13: A vertical straight block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 3 units.

Examples
Here are a example of how to generate English letters:
letters ‘B’:
Always start from the bottom to build a symmetrical and balanced foundation:
ab_drop(‘b31’, 1)
Next, we move to the next structural layer that can be portrayed using two vertical blocks:
ab_drop(‘b13’, 0)
ab_drop(‘b13’, 2)
In the next step, place another middle layer on top of the previous two:
ab_drop(‘b31’, 1)
Next, we place two vertical blocks as before on top of the current structure:
ab_drop(‘b13’, 0)
ab_drop(‘b13’, 2)
Finally, we place the top of the letter 'B':
ab_drop(‘b31’, 1)
